What happened to Mr. Mukai?
He seems to be dead.
He's dead.
He was in the bath.
He said he was dead.
He was sick.
What do you think?
You're strange.
I'll tell you something.
You were in the bath.
When the Kikunin came,
I wanted to go to the Beggar's Cup.
Beggar's Cup!
Liverpool's Cup!
I was half
angry.
I was angry.
You must have said too much.
Every night in Sakamachi, as my teacher told,
ल Can't make money, friend,
We have no money, but when we make a disaster we have to contribute.
And we went to a great world,
but the roof tabii flied.
Last year, I was in the garden of a Western-style house.
I was standing in front of the house.
I said, bring me a hose.
I was surprised and said, bring me a hose.
The young man pulled the hose out.
I was eating a bowl of rice on the window.
I raised my head and said, bring me a hose.
The man in the round coat flew away and went to the next school.
The child was playing a race ball at the next school.
The man in the round coat was hit by a car and fell off the roof.
I said, don't be stupid.
I was eating a bowl of bread.
The old woman said, I'm a bread seller.
I said, what?
I said, be careful.
You can't have a hose and a hose in any society.
The old man said, what did you say?
I said, I can't have a hose or a hose.
I said, you're a liar.
I'm sorry for all of you.
I'm sorry for you.
I'm sorry.
Good-bye.